hey everyone I'm Jorge out on top
strategy gamer and I'm excited to
introduce rival king of the newest
feature for elite players Fiorina in the
arena you must have at least 5,000
the competition is fierce so it strongly
advised that you BL be strongly 30 let's
go ahead and dive into the edge in the
all-new arena you can select a battle
based on three difficult it was easy
medium and heart the heart of the battle
the more potential honor that's offered
and the less battle stones required this
presents a unique risk and reward aspect
when deciding which base to attack you
have a total of five minutes to decide
which base you want to attack before you
are matched with new opponents one of
the cool things about this feature is
you have the opportunity to scout each
base before making a selection but be
careful to make a selection before the
time expires let's go ahead and Scout
these villages
here we have a relatively easy base
which I know I can destroy I'm currently
stronghold 15 and this face is currently
stronghold level 13 so shouldn't be a
problem for me I have a potential of
gaining three honor if I win and the
potential of losing twenty-six honor if
I lose but this is a pretty safe bet and
for me it cost for battle stones so it's
somewhat of a pricey cost so let's check
out the medium base
this medium bass is slightly harder it's
also a level 13 stronghold pile where
the defense's look a little bit more
upgraded I have a potential of winning
14 honor in this base if I win or a
potential of losing 15 if I lose I think
this is probably the more likely choice
for me compared to the easy battle but
let's take a look at the hard battle
before making a decision here in the
hard battle you can see that the
defenses are far more upgraded this is
also a level stronghold 15 which is much
harder than the previous two battles I
have a potential of winning a whopping
20 for honor if I win this battle and
only lose 5 if I lose this battle only
cost me to battle stones so it's the
cheapest option of the 3 however I
probably have the least likelihood of
winning
I think I'll decide to go with the
medium battle as I have but the strong
likelihood of winning and also a huge
payout if I do win here we go we'll
right into the attack
so it looks like my gamble paid off I
won the medium battle which gained 14
honour with each win in the arena you
will receive one arena chest which
contains the best rewards in astara from
piles of rings to exclusive ancients
keep in mind that arena battles are
completely separate from regular
multiplayer battles you can still
participate in multiplayer battles for
rings and gold but you cannot win any
honor
you can check the current leaderboards
in the arena menu in the leaderboard tab
here you can see all of the players that
are currently in arena mode and see how
you stack up if you want more
information regarding this feature
check out the About tab in the arena
menu
you